# Multi-Energy System Simulation

Data models related to the Energy Domain. Mosaik is a flexible Smart Grid co-simulation framework. openFuelCell2 is a computational fluid dynamics toolbox for simulating electrochemical devices such as fuel cells and electrolysis. The OpenHPL is an open-source hydropower library. Hy4GreenIT is a simulation model of a hydrogen-based Green IT facility. GAIFARE aims to build a generative AI-powered framework for intelligent, decentralized and self-organizing energy systems. HanserModelica is a Modelica library applied to electrical engineering. OSeMOSYS is a full-fledged systems optimization model for long-run energy planning. OpenFAST is a wind turbine simulation tool. H2Integrate is a Python package for modeling and designing hybrid energy systems. OpenOA is a framework for assessing wind plant performance. Open source library for the simulation of wind power plants. ThermoSysPro is a library providing model components in the disciplines of thermal hydraulics and instrumentation and control. Modelica library for the simulation of photo voltaic cells and modules. A Modelica library for photovoltaic system and power converter design. A package for Modelica simulating Molten Salt Reactors. The ThermoCycle library is a library for dynamic modelling of thermal systems. preCICE is an open-source coupling library for partitioned multi-physics simulations. PowerGrids, a Modelica library for electro-mechanical modelling of power systems. DSNP is a system of programs and data files used to simulate nuclear power plants or parts thereof. DDNRS-ERSN is an Open Nuclear Reactor Simulator and Reactor Core Analysis Tool. ClaRa is a Modelica library for simulation of Clausius-Rankine cycles in power plants. MOOSE is an object-oriented C++ finite element framework for developing tightly coupled multiphysics solvers. Armi is an open-source nuclear reactor analysis automation framework. NeqSim is a library for calculation of fluid behavior, phase equilibrium and process simulation

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

